a semester stream on Twitch all right
let's go
a sec all right let me share my screen
uh
cool
yeah
so uh
the following is just like me starring a
thousand things
that's really good I think I'm really
the only person I follow yeah that's so
funny
and look at that dude nine hours three
hours where I'm just constant
where but
I might just grab it again
let me close a couple notebooks real
quick
oh I guess another thing to say for the
difference between data science and
software engineering is the shift
between a Jupiter notebook and then net
to vs code like the two things you're
you're in a team and now you're using
VSCO like that's kind of it
you think so the Jupiter notebooks is
not really used is what you're saying
well
uh yeah I mean it's definitely really
not
I mean it's great for collaboration
because the state of the notebook gets
saved so you can share them around and
see all the pictures and plots and stuff
but you can't use it to like host the
the package like a package needs to be
structured in a module in Python to
store the functions that you want to use
so you can't really access the functions
and stuff that you wrote In The Notebook
The Notebook sort of one way
that makes sense yeah
also I mean you can run like all sorts
of languages on vs code right yeah
everything in the extensions like it's
yeah it's the it's the best
ah [__] I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
pull up the actual notebook okay
um I'll just I'll just pull it up on
here should have everything I think
uh
the Eda stuff is kind of boring
um
is on the readme really
yeah pipelines pipelines are sweet I
don't know what that is what is that
I don't know what pipeline is no
it's uh basically
so like for it's an sklearn thing
um where can basically
set up a bunch of
steps
um that are composed of other like
scikit-learn objects
um
okay so it's basically the composition
of functions
simple
left first
I throw I mean if you've seen column
Transformer before uh is it like a one
hot thing
not a one hot I mean I it uses so like I
split up my data
into numbers and categories well I don't
actually know if I've done that yet
um
well actually I don't ever do that but I
say like you know we have to treat our
numeric data and our categorical data
differently our numbers we want to
standard scale them so we you know
create this pipeline that all it
consists of is a standard scaler
um
and then for our categoricals he went on
one hot and code them
um so then we can put stick them both in
a column Transformer which
I mean oh nice that's cool yeah yeah
yeah so it's like unified okay this is
cool I like that yeah yeah I think it's
really and then you can put this itself
in a pipeline uh
so I did not write this class um I don't
actually end up using it but I'm pretty
much
anyway though
um
and it makes it so a lot of you like
your steps instead of having to like you
know split up your your numerics and
your categoricals and then like scale
your numbers and do whatever you want to
do with your categories and then like
put them back together it just doesn't
in one step right yeah exactly
um not only that but it'll a pipeline
um
thought the last
uh
hmm so the last item in a pipeline I
thought had to be an estimator
um
I don't know but
yeah so at dummy we we our pipeline has
now two steps our our column Transformer
which is set up and then just like a
basic you know a dummy classifier that's
always going to predict the majority
class
so we can just do that
um get our like uh accuracy on like
validation wow that's pretty good
accuracy
well I don't actually think it's
it's see this is yeah the data is uh
it is pretty good accuracy but it's it's
skewed like like wildly it's the the
because the data is super biased yeah
it's actually it always predicts like
the majority class right these this and
then this are exactly the same
um
I mean that that one actually basically
tells you how biased is my data
because the per that pers that value
that 0.85 is like
basically yeah the frequency counts yeah
yeah yeah yeah literally yeah
um
right so now we can just take the same
exact thing
um and just make a pipeline where we
uh column Transformer and then we can
instantiate our logistic regression SK
learn
object right in the pipeline
um and then we can just we can just do
that I love that the random state is 42.
yeah yeah that's that's our instructor I
guess I'll do it
um
and then
you can fit in it's
a tiny bit better than Baseline you know
it's mode is no
synthetic minority over sampling
something something but basically we
overs like it's like it too account for
imbalanced data you run it through this
this uh smote object and it'll
artificially create a bunch of rows of
the belonging to the minority class
um
so you just
I think here does it add duplicates or
does it like interpolate value oh
interesting yeah it doesn't I don't
think it duplicates anything it just
like it probably uses like you know like
some descriptive stats like mean and
median uh but so supposedly since it's
creating new data that's sort of
generated it could in fact like be that
it was the other class like if that data
showed up in real life it could be the
other
oh yeah so that's a good point
um to be honest I don't know maybe it
does duplicate
um
synthetic minority oversampling
technique
um
it's a good question I honestly don't
know
um
it's not that important
there are lots of algorithms out there
yeah
[Music]
um
I think it uses like a k nearest
Neighbors I I honestly I don't know
I do not know
we just they just told us it was good
for us chat gp2 to explain smoke
yeah oh yeah I mean if you're already
there
yeah
um
I'm screen sharing
dude I want to see that article Google
plans to demo AI as it panics
did you see that it was like
I haven't seen it no no it was like on
your screen like when you Google Chat
gbt
oh yeah yeah I did
um let's explain uh
some moat
dude I want to go through your history
like a lot that's so interesting bro
this history you mean yeah
yeah the one piece thing that's
hilarious dude I've used it for so much
random stuff
dude it's yeah it really is the future
I don't know if this is the right query
I'm not that good at like the prompt
engineering yeah yeah
maybe like I'm five is not the
yeah this doesn't answer our question
um
it takes the difference between the
sample and each of its key multiplies
that Difference by random number between
by a random number between zero and one
interesting
yeah yeah so but so yeah I could in fact
like
create new data well yeah exactly like
create new wrong data
yeah yeah that's interesting and it's
funny you say that because I all I do is
I add smoke to the to like the logistic
regression model it's still a base
logistic regression model
um here a simple logistic regression
yields
um
smoted
it yields 77. it tanks wow
and test data
um
this [__] is crazy though
well actually maybe it's that you would
expect it to get a little bit worse
right because it
it's so easy to guess right when the
data's so imbalanced
wait I don't actually know how the
logistic regression works though
no you're absolutely right dude I did
not even think about that
I did not even think about that I feel
like an idiot for not thinking about
that yeah I mean essentially it changes
like
uh
like the Baseline I guess like I was
working under the assumption that a
baseline model a dummy model
that accuracy but it only yields this
accuracy because of the imbalance yeah
50 if it were perfectly balanced so this
is are you able to print out the value
counts after you do smote
yes like what are the value counts
become
I don't know I would need to pull up oh
you got to pull it up yeah okay because
it'd be interesting to see if it goes to
50 50 or if you it doesn't actually do
that many
oh you can you can set it I think the
default that's a hyper parameter you can
tune
um I don't know if I've ever I might
play with it I do play with it here
um
so Auto I think is 50
no no maybe it's not I think it's
forty percent should be here or in the
The Docks or is it
um
oh uh
sampling strategy
yeah to say what Auto is the equivalent
to not majority
yeah so 50 50.
um
but when I do this have you seen uh
Jesus Christ
and a grid search is uh yeah kind of
basically
so I take I decide okay we're gonna
stick but we're gonna keep smoting
um oh so you get the Matrix of it which
is the best
which parameters which are the best no
no I'm asking though which turned out to
be the best
for this model yeah
uh smote for this one this tip for this
takes forever to run by the way yeah of
course it does you have to run the class
the thing yeah crazy amount of time yeah
and you're also cross-validating so like
you multiply you've got all these
combinations right of every different
yeah
all these different hyper parameters and
then you multiply that by 10 because
you're cross validating you're like
splitting your training data 10 times
for each like iteration
but okay hold on my food's here hold on
I'm gonna I'll be back in a second
from this in California there was this
uh
there's this taco truck that was serve
like these amazing tacos not just like I
hate the tacos where you just have a ton
of [__] on them like it should really
just be a couple of things so that the
rich this doesn't spill out the top you
know what I mean like I agree there is
such a thing as too many vegetables on
anyways there's no good uh
there's not no good but there's not
a lot of great tacos
anyways in California there is for sure
dude
yeah taco truck in California but do
they put pineapple on it that sure was
so good
I don't normally like pineapple on
things that plant on places
I I like pineapple alone but I don't
normally like it like in addition to
other things
um but that actually does sound kind of
good yeah yeah yes oh logistic
regression though
um
let's
it's the first classification model that
we learned
um basically you take a uh
it's a linear model it's like parametric
and what it does
is it uses instead of like a linear
regression using like the function of a
line it equals everything into the
sigmoid function yep so that all the
results are between zero and one
basically it makes it great for binary
classification then you can use it for
multi-class too
um where it's just like each of the
dimensions
yeah
um
correspond to like a yeah a particular
class plus that's basically just
logistic regression you can adjust all
sorts of different like hyper parameters
um
like what kind of regularization penalty
it will use because that comes with like
a built-in regularization
um
strength of that penalty
uh
what kind of solver it uses which I
don't really remember what it means and
then the amount of the max amount of
iterations
um
so this actually ultimately did not
converge I somehow I ran this for like
three hours and I got this like
convergence warning
um so I don't think this was really
worth much Matt sitters
yeah so I just I just re I used this
isn't if we're like chill but I knew
that I was gonna get I didn't think that
logistic regression was going to be the
best kind of model for this yeah so I
kind of got this far and stopped I just
picked all the other best hyper
parameters that the grid search came up
with and increased the max iterations by
like a couple orders of Magnifique and I
get like 84 on testing
with the uh
with the uh the resampling algorithm too
though right yeah yeah with the smoke
which is I mean it's definitely better
like before 77.
um so we get up there
evaluated on yeah accuracy
nice switch should we try a random
forest and it's as easy as just like
dropping it in the same pipeline that I
used for everything else uh
to the Cross validation on a basic like
untuned random force classifier and it
jumps up to 94 wow
yeah a little bit lower on test data
93.6 percent
do you um I guess yeah I mean at least
as long as you're doing the test train
and validation stuff
you do but I um all I was gonna say is
how much do they caution you about like
oh just like like get the most accuracy
at all like all means you know like no
stopping nothing for accuracy
I don't know definitely definitely not
like for this it was very important to I
did an all right job at this I think
like is the I mean it all kind of comes
down to how much you value like your
false negatives versus your false
positives
um
like so that's why we they have us
looking at like accuracy precision
recall like F1 score and then we also
did like the uh
like the ROC curve
um which is basically just false
positives to false negatives right
um
so it's like you know determine which
which metric is going to be best for
your business question ultimately for
like the problem at hand yeah
um I thought I thought accuracy was
pretty all right for customer churn I
think I put I ranked
uh Precision lit amount as well because
I figured that like it's expensive
Precision is sensitive to what is
customer insurance
churn is the likelihood or it's like
whether a customer leaves the company or
not whether they cancel their service
or like go to a different in this case
go to a different cell phone provider
okay
um
so like a false
the positive class in this case is I
believe it was that they're going to
leave the company they're going to churn
um
so a false positive is thinking that
they're at is predicting that they're at
risk of churning and they're not when
they're actually not which is like if
you're going to direct like retention
efforts and like give them like deals
and stuff like that figured you would
want to minimize the amount of money
you're needlessly spending
um
but there's you know there's like uh
that's interesting
yeah I I don't know I think there's an
argument to be made for also like that
the other kind of error would be just
like if not more I would I was gonna I
was gonna go the other way yeah yeah I
don't know that's why I kind of ended up
saying like accuracy like in general we
just want to be right because you're
going to lose money either way yeah just
like
how many are you correctly classifying
period
um so I kind of did a combination of
accuracy and precision
all would be if you if we were to lean
more in that direction of like it's it's
you know we want to minimize
uh getting ones uh
getting was wrong as in thinking that
someone's chill when they're actually at
risk of leaving yeah that would be the
one that I would be paranoid about
yeah
oh yeah I don't know ultimately I do
kind of prioritize accuracy here because
yeah
and we do a grid search over the
random Forest classifier
um a smaller one uh
and the things that we play with are
yeah I guess the the Criterion by like
how it determines what the best split is
which I don't remember about like
entropy like the uniformity of like each
node
um
foreign
thing goes up to 94.
um everything else is better too
final model is a gradient boosting
classifier
um
which I understand all that incredibly
well but
as far as I understand it kind of
does a bunch of models within one and
kind of like picks the
kind of combines them all it's it's a
I know it's another Ensemble method but
I I don't know my understanding is a
little nice on it
um
and after tuning it gets
the 4.4
oh wait no yeah here's the crystal
so it gets all the way up to 95.6 95.7
oh wow
how big was the data
pretty small I think it was like 3 000
customers oh interesting
yeah if I remember correctly I think
it's somewhere in the region but uh dude
you're getting so good at this it's
crazy
thank you thanks this this kind of stuff
the SK learning ecosystem in general
I've got to feel like pretty comfortable
with nice
um
I think there's definitely a lot of gaps
in
what I've learned but I don't know
well this gave me this was the biggest
[__] headache of this whole project
for me was I really wanted to so one of
the benefits of a gradient boosting
classifier
is that you can extract the feature
importance
which um
yeah like you said you can take out
you can find out what yeah what features
like it deemed uh have the greatest
impact on whether it was a member of one
class or the other yeah
which for some of the other models I
think is really hard
um
to like draw
they're like I feel like they're more
not black boxy but like the they're more
difficult to interpret yeah
five
I realized that normally you should just
be able to
oh [__] it's not here
sorry
I need to
locate this
go to the readme which I think has
yeah so normally
um
if you've got a model
Norm okay normally like the a fitted
gradient boosting classifier object has
an attribute that you can pull out just
calls like feature Imports
and their
named
um nice
uh
but when
an issue with pipelines is that
when you stick something in a
pipeline uh what was the issue that I
bumped into
um
so I explain it here
right so our
pipeline has like all these steps before
it essentially a column Transformers I
like those the scaling and the one hot
and coding and all this stuff
um
and when we do that like the column
names get like they The Columns lose
their names it just kind of like all
gets specifically with the one hot
encoding you lose your your feature
names like when I would try to pull up a
feature importance is it was completely
uninterpretable yeah
um I did a bunch of one hot encoding so
like there were tons of features it was
just impossible to get anything out of
um apparently a lot of people have this
problem
um I Define this class that this random
dude built
um that lets you do that nice uh
yeah and ultimately not only did it do
that but it also puts them in this nice
little like
um
so yeah I was I mean according to the
classifier according to the model these
are the most important things
so I
if you uh
like the total amount of time you spent
on the phone in a day and the number of
customer service calls
um and at any given month
um
so yeah that's that's [__] awesome
it's cool this is cool
um the next thing will be to uh to build
apis basically building a website
that will allow you to query like data
or the results of analysis of data
you're gonna have a rest server do
anything but
yeah
I actually just built one for the first
time today because
this is website go to look up perf p e r
f and then rust just look up perf rust
foreign
the first GitHub link
uh no that's not a GitHub link oh yeah I
guess it is I mean the actual repo it's
the fourth one
okay go to the website that's not linked
on the left
go to the left
or to the right bro I'm what am I doing
go the very right yeah that thing okay
all right so I want this and Julia
and basically what this is is over each
commit made to the rust line they run
this Benchmark suite and they
um
plot how many instructions got run on
the computer literally how many freaking
instructions it's so sick
so I I went and this is done with a very
simple API that it uh super simple and I
want to just do it for Julia
so this is the amount of
this is per like between commits what
you're saying
this is plotting each commit they run
the benchmarks and they count how many
instructions
were compiled and run uh
on that commit for that benchmark
that's a laugh
yeah since the last command right like
in the time between the last command and
this commit how much was processed no no
no no each commit you run the entire
Benchmark you count how much was run
for a given Benchmark how many
instructions are Run Like You compile
the code for that Benchmark maybe it's
Computing the Fibonacci numbers or
something
and you just see basically how good was
the compiler
like you wanted to minimize the number
of instructions so then it takes less
time so you're trying to speed up your
code
oh I see interesting and so I want to do
this for Julia because we don't really
have it and we really do need it
interesting
foreign
I watched this one too a while back
um
I don't know I was just browsing her
[__] yeah
I'm gonna reuse um where'd it go I
delete it no
oh data.gov is so sick man
I haven't played with it too much I
haven't looked
I wish there was like uh
a most popular yeah there definitely
should be
like
you should request that feature is there
a feedback thing
oh there's we welcome your suggestions
it was the first it's at the top
allow me to sort by popularity
all right
I really need my email for this
yeah you should get a fake email
yeah I really
like
nice
improving America one step at a time
red white and blue baby
um
how am I blinking on the name of this
the site so I think it's so cool
um
sent it to someone
bro I'm starting another quantum Club at
Cornell
Cornell yeah I met this kid who's going
there
next next year and uh he already met
some people there who are freshmen so I
like wrote the half of the proposal for
this kid just so that I know him you
know
let's say you're helping start a Quantum
Club yeah but but it's going to be mine
all of the strings
um uh cool what is this website
um
what am I trying such a blank
what is it
it's just another like like data
um
hold on I'm getting a call I don't know
who this is
hello
hello wait who is this no I wait hey
Hannah
oh yeah
hi Anna
hi Sarah hi hi Michael wait is Timmy
there
we got viewers Milan we got viewers
I know this is risky but I've been I've
been oh through the [__] history bro
that's risk oh [__] I know oh man that's
hilarious
I'm totally on objectionable
where are we in time
bye
this is all today Jesus Christ
um
starts with a P there data is plural oh
I've never heard of this
pretty cool I guess it's kind of like a
yeah a Weekly Newsletter that's exactly
how I would describe it oh that's
[__] rad man that's [__] rad
the curated data sets for you to mess
with
yeah it's exactly it's weakly curated
like a handful of data sets have you
seen the UCI data sets thing UCI also
has a very good data set Repository
I have not we go to UCI data Repository
yep
they have lots of cool like uh animal
stuff because what I wanted to do is
using the like I wanted to like learn
Crow Dynamics because crows like move
around in like really crazy ways and
they call and I wanted to know if you
could predict when they call based on
where they are spatially
because the thing is in my patio in
California there's all these crows that
that like hang out in this tree and all
of a sudden they'll just like start
freaking out
it's it's like super interesting I sit
there and I just listen to them dude I
feel like I'm freak but it's like
interesting that is wild I think animals
are a lot smarter than we give them
credit for
certainly true
um
because you just reminded me of
my my pipe dream idea for this Capstone
oh yeah hype nothing you should do is
oh I think it's you
it's rocket League data oh that's rad
and Geeks rocket League including
position and velocity of all players in
the ball
pulls extra information for like
professional for like Esports matches
um
there's a competition to predict from a
given snapshot probability that they'll
score in the next 10 seconds of game
time oh that sounds fun it's 10 gigs
holy [__] yeah it's huge I don't think
I've downloaded it yet I don't know if I
will it's a ton of data I also I I don't
have experience dealing with this much
data like I've I only really have
experience working with enough data that
can comfortably run in just like a
single pandas data frame yeah like
[Music]
um
what is this this is a tough problem I
like it
yeah I I don't think it would be smart
for me to do
like
I don't feel like I want to do something
that like stretches me and like is cool
and is interesting
um but also like
foreign
back finally holy hell
we have fast internet but it keeps like
cutting out it's really really whack
yeah all right
okay probably have to start sharing
again because uh wait do you yeah there
we go yeah I do I stopped my sharing
um
are you still there okay
yeah I don't know about this
that'd be so hyped though it'll be
really cool and I think I would love to
do it as like a like just a project yeah
I don't know like what business question
I can really
answer here
also for this I kind of want something
that will help me find a job
um
I don't know maybe this would like a
probably talk about it but
I don't know so this was an idea that
would be
um
the closest thing that I could find to
hey yeah you should go you could also go
the woke route and do like a woke thing
you say woke yeah
yeah I don't know
it's kind of cringe yeah I know how
funny is that though like like I'm gonna
be predicting police brutality like oh
[__]
that wasn't often
um
I was actually I was gonna do something
similar for instead of this customer
churn one I was about to do I lost the
customer Trend but um
there was one on what are they called
um
certain kind of like
traffic stop basically
I'm pissed I'm forgetting the name
already
but
yeah like with all sorts of demographics
about the you know the the officer and
like the race of the person being
stopped and all that stuff
um so I think it would have lended
itself well to answering that kind of
question
um
but the data was down the what the whole
website was was down when I went to
start my project so I was like [__] it
we'll do this custom return one that I
think ended up being a lot easier anyway
the data was already really clean for
this customer thank God
yeah
um also it's million song data set
a bunch of songs
but
I don't know
I definitely need to pick something by
the end of this weekend though yeah okay
I mean it's good to keep your mind open
but lots of lots of possibilities if you
want though we can get into the uh the
GitHub API thing because I would I would
I that I think that does sound really
interesting so yeah so just look up
GitHub API
um
rest API
Quick Start
okay
yep dude GH is the best do you have GH
yet
I don't even know what that is do Brew
install GH
go to go up in your terminal and do
bruins.gh it allows you to do like
GitHub stuff like creating repos from
the command line
uh
bruins.gh
oh yeah yeah but like like a repo that
would show up on GitHub well you can
make it private or public but
and you can do all that from the command
line because yeah this is made by GitHub
dude and this this is implemented by
making rest calls to github's API how
funny is that
so what is it GH
all right cool use the API sub command
to make your API requests okay so you
could do it from here uh you probably
don't want to because you want to do it
from python in a programmatic way you
but uh why don't you why don't you do
that why don't you just double copy that
and paste it and see what happens for
the sake of quick starting let's see
what happens it's a curated experience
all right so you get back some Json data
and it seems like you have a whole bunch
of info about the issues
this I guess this is all the issues
data
so
can we look at one of them
I knew that the terminal
uh
I don't know what I'm looking at but uh
excuse to be honest I mean I've never
seen Json
right in this portal
I mean yeah you can look through it you
know what it is okay see okay there's
this is one issue it's a list of issues
so see here as URL repository URL it has
a whole bunch of stuff comments URL
uh
all this stuff ID
does it have the can we find the actual
text of the issue
it
unless it maybe it links to no
but do we oh we have the way we have the
username at least
title I guess the username
this is a guy's username yeah
this might be like an issue number I
don't know yeah it is the issue number
because see they're on the HTML URL at a
it has that number issues
oh nice good call yeah
cool
yeah oh look we already scroll up Scroll
up Scroll up see that thing keep going
keep going keep going go above this
thing yeah look at this look at this
there's these eyes rocket heart there's
the Emoji count right there bro
wait wait scroll up
Emoji count
the body test pull request
bro you could predict you could predict
whether or not the the repo dies out
based on emoji
data
do people and we'd have to find out if
people actually use this have you ever
used dude I do I use the Emojis all the
time
really yeah oh wait actually let me show
you something interesting
please wait I want to see do any of
these
I haven't seen a single Emoji used yet
yeah I mean it's not like it's j like
it's used for yeah
this one oh yeah plus one right
this is really interesting dude all
right so I made this issue to vs code
you could read it if you want but look
at how many [__] reactions I got bro
I'm I'm a I'm a man of the community
that's
wow
popping off here
you're not gonna hit the like bro wow
true friend
all right let's go
and other people
yeah and almost none of this makes sense
to me
I have video and everything
okay video dude I screen cap constantly
because screencap is the easiest way to
convey like dude something [__] up is
happening what is going on
right yeah
absolutely right
dude I remember like having [__]
like text like random Tech issues
working at my last job and having to
like
try to explain it to a like an I.T
person over the phone like is one of the
most painful experiences
oh my which button which button it
should look like a little arrow yeah
it's effort it's bad for everyone
because also like the It people you know
they're thinking like oh this this guy
probably just can't find the button like
this guy yeah
pressing the button that actually isn't
pressing the button oh my gosh hey watch
the video watch the video
see if let me know if you can see what
I'm trying to describe
no I have no idea what's going on right
now wait he's gonna let you wait so yeah
okay so it opens up the code so I'm
looking at all the function calls in
this Julia thing I'm looking at
basically the deconstruction of that
function and it keeps taking me to the
editor but I actually want to be flying
this spaceship of function calls I don't
usually want to actually be editing the
text so it moves my cursor up and it's
really [__] annoying
oh interesting
yeah this feels like a somewhat similar
issue to uh the one that we bumped into
with the uh the tracking
which
like the sharing oh yeah dude that was
awesome man I forgot that we got in the
infinite state where you would follow me
and I'd follow you and it just crashed
the entire craft
that was fantastic oh [__] I forgot
about Batman that's so good
Ah that's like in RuneScape when you
would like follow someone and you they
would follow you and you dance and
that's how you would dance dude
oh that's so good
um
so uh so that API thing is pretty kind
of kind of cool
yeah like so how can you walk me through
like how would I then actually use this
how would I first of all grab this data
um will you just pipe it to a file a
Json file
oh that's right
um
[__] how do you do that also I feel like
I should not be doing this so where is
this information existing right now I
guess my question no it just it
literally in your terminal like it got
printed out and it's not in Ram at all
well it's kind of in Ram in that yeah
but it's not like in your
uh okay okay yeah that makes sense
so then how would I write this to a Json
so press the up up uh up Arrow okay yeah
so see there now do space and then I
think uh you now do a do a a carrot like
a uh like an into thing no not a
character like a the angle bracket
the closing angle bracket
wait you talking about this nah that's a
curly the angle yeah the greater than
less than one
okay yeah I've never heard that
described as an ink bracket oh really
okay yeah yeah but that makes sense uh
and now just put it into food.json just
type food.json
okay now do LS
yeah so that's that's what I I shouldn't
have just been in so there's a food.json
right there
oh it is yeah
um I'm gonna move it somewhere else so
but do do type head type head
Jason
no way
that's the first couple lines of it
that's actually the whole thing oops
wait I didn't know you could do that in
the from the terminal like I I I've only
seen that like
like doing Dot head on like a panda's
damn getting the first five rows yeah
there's a lot of useful shell commands
that should be brought you know you just
have to pick up you know how to use the
shell but
yeah I've only messed around with the
shell enough to
know very basic like GitHub stuff and
kind of how to set up like a an anaconda
environment but that's about it dude
hold on let me uh let me get you fish
bro you're gonna you're gonna love me
man
every time I type in fish I expect the
shell thing I don't want food I never
like type in like I'm never like I want
fish like to eat like that's like so
random man all right uh so do brew and
stall fish go to your terminals do
Brewing stall fish
will it give me the hottest second how
do I even get it it's like outside here
I want to move food.json to like dude
use the terminal dude move MV and then
give it the path
how do I do it again MV space
food.json and then you put tell it where
you want it to go
I need to I feel like I want to create a
I'm not like familiar enough with my
yeah
like I don't know I guess fine don't
don't do things in your desktop this is
so goofy I don't know why people do this
you stay in your route your home
directory so see you just type CD and
enter no no you don't have to do that
okay go into desktop
yeah okay now do just CD and enter
this automatically takes you home no
matter where you are
ah very useful anyways director well
this isn't root this is just your home
directory and your home is where you
should put your stuff it makes a lot of
sense so do make dirt code
and MK Dura code
okay okay I already have another code
folder all right so you should put the
code folder in here
yeah
um
because I don't know the uh the best
practices yeah
yeah it just makes it annoying because
your home directory is uh usually uh
uh like like in pythonos.com or
something or in Julia like uh yeah okay
hold on
how do I do this from the finder
duh uh we'll just do it from the command
line bro just just
I'm gonna have to I don't think that's
why that's what I'm saying you eyes are
trash bro once you get good at this all
right so do stay where you're at
so like click on it click on it
okay there we go now do move MV no MV
yeah okay now do desktop no no you want
to do desktop slash so tab complete we
can now do code
okay now do space
my code is not in the desktop
yeah it was
wait was it no you're right it is it is
I do space and Dot
yep now this is moving your code folder
to your home directory
oh
so if you do like if you do move and
then the file path to a certain
directory or what like will it
automatically move it to your home
directory go dot dot means dot all
universally means current directory yeah
yeah of course yeah okay that makes
sense although I'm gonna get some water
okay
um
yep okay so we're just getting some
stuff organized really because it's like
uh
uh you know we haven't done had time
really because you were just learning so
much stuff to like actually get the best
practices of like how do I actually make
this nice to use instead of like you
know how do I act more confident now
that I know what I know
yeah yeah no that's that's definitely
been a thing
hold on give me give me half a second
yeah
[Music]
bro I'm hosting a symposium for systems
biology this summer at juliacon
it's gonna be hype Alex Cohen's
presenting bro
no way yeah he's he's gonna present an
animal on uh like Locomotion dynamics of
locomotion
is is Alex Cohen have Julia right now
he's at MIT but he does Julia's stuff
oh damn that's sick
that's crazy yeah man small world it
really is funny how we ended up so so
close
all right so uh
did you finish writing the text
yeah I'm good oh okay okay uh dude you
should do brew and stall fish
okay
yeah sure uh wait where are we gonna
move this uh try to do it now yeah yeah
you know how to do it
I was using CSH but honestly
fishes fish is the way dude why didn't
this work
all right I think I need to do pseudo
hold on hold on uh
I'm trying to change my default shell to
be fish because I've been putting this
off for so long with fishes
fishes generally
better yeah
foreign
as much as a file oh it is okay cool
easy
bro learning with computers man
so lame but like it's actually like
makes sense because like humans actually
made these
oh wait
editing a read-only flow
yeah whatever
okay now I should be able to change
shell I don't know why that was such a
horrible pain in the ass whatever
okay finally I have shell I have a fish
I'm nervous I've never tried a different
shell all right type in fish
I don't know wait hold on let's go to
the Fish website see what's I've used it
so I know how it feels but like I don't
the main thing is it has like Auto
suggestions
and uh and stuff like that but uh here I
also need a tutorial for uh let's see
honestly dude going too deep into this
stuff is cringe but like fish is way
better than having a CD yeah you gotta
go to tutorial nice thing yeah it's the
same thing
Wait no that's a GitHub that's the old
one yeah
but okay uh let's see
scroll down
amazing CSH right now I think so but
your defaults are ugly like there's no
colors or anything it looks really hard
to read so I feel like I'm gonna change
the colors yeah you can customize a
whole bunch of stuff
that's that's pretty cool I would like
to set some nice colors you can do it on
most shelves zsh included I've I have
some nice defaults on CSH
um
I can just send you my profile too
I'll be cool we're uh
did you say to go I I'm well you can try
all of this stuff but uh a good click on
why fish what does it say for why fish
fish is fully equipped smart
syntax housing Auto suggestion tab
complete the tab completions is the big
thing the tag position is actually the
sickest part because it just like
remembers the commands that yeah
an AI shell is actually the future
though like
it just knows what you're planning to do
based on the history and that makes
sense yeah that's pretty crazy
I also just like that it's called fish
yeah me too
it's a good name
friendly interactive show all right type
in fish in the on the command line
and a type like CD and then tab
now you can use the arrow keys I think
oh no yeah there you go yeah up and down
oh that's pretty nice and then you just
like press enter
and you can you can use the arrow keys
to suggest that forward yep what the
[__] wait what's going on here
that the backspace it out yeah
you got to learn how to how to feel it
but uh
yeah yeah
do you think this is a bad idea when I
was looking for project ideas I made
just a big old full like big old folder
for like all of my data
so I always can just do data slash
that's kind of smart
usually I keep data contained to the
repo that I'm working in
yeah I mean that that makes sense that's
like how it should be like on GitHub too
but I also probably have to well I have
to manage a lot of
different projects at work so I have to
keep
customer models
oh that definitely makes sense separate
um
just gonna make a new
talk so from here so I'll go into
projects
and then oh my God the number of times
you switch between those things was
freaking me out not gonna lie bro I was
like pick one dude make
sure
oh it's just MK der see and it's red so
you know it's not a thing
oh that's nice
um press tag type tabs let's see what's
up
okay and it doesn't do anything no
well that does help you because you may
want to make a directory from within the
other yeah anyways uh what are you
trying to do here cool
um make a directory for like get I'm
gonna say GitHub project okay yeah
dude that's such a long title
I know
Capstone call it Capstone
you know that feels so committal oh yeah
you're right it is all right call it
GitHub just call it GitHub
yeah but that feels confusing that is
confusing you're right [__]
uh what do you do bro oh my God the
naming
GitHub project is so like amorphous
just call it just call it GitHub
underscore API
yeah or no call GitHub underscore API
dot pi
API dot Pi no I actually like this
um you can make a folder with a DOT name
and
yeah
what does the dot Pi do so what it tells
you is that this is a python project we
do it all the time enjoy it you say like
juliabenchmark dot JL and that's the
name of the repo
oh and this so like this doesn't like
specify
it's not a file it doesn't mean anything
it's just a string as a part of the
folder name but it tells the someone
that this is a python project they use
the GitHub API
all right I like that sure
um okay we got through the naming that's
the biggest that's the biggest part
yeah uh okay so maybe you want to use a
Jupiter note because it's what you're
most familiar with here do get a knit
straight away though
oh yeah
yeah
um
oh dude do do this this is cool GH space
repo
space create
a space dash dash public
space GitHub underscore API dot pi
now press enter
yeah I really think this through
making a public repository called GitHub
API dot Pi yeah and we'll just make this
on GitHub yep go to that go to yep you
you just made a repo on GitHub did
that is crazy and the thing is all that
is is like an API call you could have
written that yourself and you will with
the the API
the one nice thing that it handles for
you is the authentication which is kind
of cool
now so on so I made a repo on GitHub is
it linked to this local repository no if
you haven't set the so you need to do uh
get set what is it called get remote
yeah
dude I always just go there and copy it
because I let me actually
do that do that and then we'll we'll try
to remember it for the future but I
always forget it get us so lame
no no go to your GitHub
all right all right fine and then go to
your repot your repositories
Bryce create like a thousand get up
repos a day that's just that's the
reason why I'm being so like annoying
but like go to your profile now go to
your repos now go to the new one GitHub
API dot now copy the second the second
part
this guy yeah get remote ad origin and
then the link to the thing okay now you
don't so copy that
um but it won't it won't work so what
you need to do is you need to add a
commit so make the readme do like touch
me like ads oh yeah
this was stupid wait if you hold down
like optional delete faster
do option and Backspaces now control
command and Backspaces man nope command
doesn't work weird control okay I don't
know
you can probably customize oh you
actually can uh fish has some on anyways
the uh you need to make a commit first
right but that first one will work
I thought the uh oh you're right yeah
I guess we probably should have just
copied the first one but
you have to make a file do you touch
readme.md
usually you do the the read me as all
caps
oh that's right I knew something looked
bad I think uh I was worried uh
well you you wait did you run that or
did you
I just ran it wait but read should be
all caps too
oh the whole thing you're right you're
right you're right [__] I need to leave
dude we know you you could just move it
just do MV read me to the correct
version
the move is a rename operation too so
just not typing really yeah and I I've
been read me to MD this yeah and that's
it yep now do uh gets yeah
so now do get add Dot
is to add this [__]
yeah you could do that too
well what were you telling me to dot dot
just means everything in the current
directory all right
oh yeah we're just we're committing now
and then get commit yep
or whatever yep and then do get push
oh wait no now you gotta run the uh yeah
now you gotta run that thing
oh uh this yeah
I think I'm on Main
yeah
no this is making a new Branch right
well I think if it's the same name it
doesn't matter try running it let's see
yeah I don't think it did anything
I think a branch
okay yeah
I think it might have uh I don't know
whatever
um
nice
well good stuff
uh
what do you think of fish it's nicer
right
kind of I want to change the colors
though this green kind of tweaks me out
a little bit learned that green too well
maybe not let me
see the old
I feel like the oil is all white
this is kind of grating too yeah it's
just all white
like that there where you print out the
directories and the directors and the
files of the same color that's just
crazy
yeah type ls-la
oh well actually here you only have a
couple of files so you're not going to
see much but
see the folders are
blue
yeah but the files are white
that is nice that is nice I want to
customize it more too
dude you can become like the ultimate
like the config wizard people that are
like oh my god dude the people go so ham
with the configs it's it's cringe but
it's it's fine it's cool
but they just like spend their entire
life like changing little menus on their
computer it's
it's fun I did it for a while
I did it for like six months and I'm
like dude I can't live like this someone
tries to use my computer and they have
to like teach them to fly a spaceship
no actually the control key isn't bad to
the control it's bound to Z like you're
just like and Z if you press Z4 then it
opens up Chrome and you're just like
oh that's fun it's so crazy
dude okay look up uh uh on Chrome like X
monad
X ammo yeah exactly
oh okay look at look at the images this
is the [__] computer people use it's
a tiling Window Manager
so you can swap anyways their OS is
completely customized it's
if you ever hear that by the way I use
Arch Linux this is the people that
customize their operating system like
crazy bro I see
oh my God
and you can because you can customize
just everything about it obviously
yeah I mean somebody's looking
completely different
a tour of my Xbox bro click on that
click on go to that video
this is a 30 minute video
and I I know this guy distro tube all he
does is talk about
config
that's so funny
that's pretty crazy that I have said I I
guess you could eat colon yeah run prom
but I think about it reasonable window
name the word
he convinced me to use xmodad and I oh
that was a low that was during coven
that [__] was a low
[Music]
it is fun though
yeah I feel like I could see myself
getting into it at some point yeah dude
you should you definitely would love
like messing with Linux
yeah I would like to make it look Sleek
actually you have a desktop right
I do I haven't done any coding on it
ever though
interesting I just I I prefer the Mac
keyboard
yeah for typing
yeah also I don't know I like kind of
having it like all of my gaming is on my
my PC
this is my this might be silly like but
I essentially just reserve it
for games yeah for games like keeping
like coding and games on the same device
is dangerous to me really why
I don't know self-control when I can
just tap on Rocket League like
I just move my my cursor like three
inches down and then be playing rocket
League I guess so
they're they're
like they're I mean I play less video
games but I used I was addicted to
league but luckily I'm no longer playing
league but uh yeah the the driving like
the satisfaction did like when it works
bro the the like you're like chasing the
Magic Dragon when you just like I just
want this thing to [__] work yeah so
like even like few things will stop that
uh but the the only the only thing I was
gonna say is that you you can't I mean
maybe you can but you don't want to uh
overwrite your Mac OS because you can't
really get you can't buy Mac OS you have
to buy a laptop to get Mac OS so you
have to go get them to reset it and it
would be kind of annoying uh but you
could put you could dual boot Linux on
your uh PC it's really easy you just use
a thumb drive to load Ubuntu on it and
you can get started like learning about
like customizing themes and all this
crazy [__]
there's a lot you know picking a distro
is actually kind of fun dude then sounds
interesting
yeah anyways
uh yeah
um okay so we want to do this uh yeah
all right
um
okay what do we want to do
uh yeah it's what you're most
comfortable with we'll just do that yeah
I would like to do this and I'm down
after the program to like switch to
something else with it
while I'm riding it out I think I just
want to use Jupiter notebook
um
to be honest I don't actually know how
to make a
I guess I would just touch right usually
I do it from I mean okay let's do it
like this
I bet if you did space dot it like opens
it with the current directory too
does it default to that anyways it does
yeah it should be working right now
maybe not is my learning environment oh
okay yeah I just figured it was slow
yeah
um
and I uh what is it oh learn and yeah
well you can't right now you gotta
control C that or you could open a new
tab
just wanna see if I'm in it
well you uh I don't think you are
but no no I don't necessarily know
that's true but oh wait I think you are
hold on do command T do command t
I can't do that from like right now you
can do it right now do command T there
you go it makes a new tab
can you switch to that tab you can do
that I'm gonna [__] kill myself
I
have been up and opening new windows
every time I want to know the tab game
is way better
oh my God oh my God okay so you you're
in this old thing
I guess oh yeah you didn't do the chain
shell stuff uh maybe you want to run
Jupiter Nova cure
yeah it's probably it's probably for the
best
so I can run one shell see it says
you're in base you're using the base not
the learn end see at the end there yeah
yeah I need to
um it's fine I'll just run it from here
for now yeah you could also just kind of
change or kind of activate the other one
in that
all right [__] it how's it going to
activate uh learn underscore n for
something oh nice attack
complete yeah
cool
okay
okay that was a lot faster
um
right
nice
uh okay so Google GitHub python API
it um
what'd you say GitHub python API they
probably have a python wrapper Pi GitHub
we may want to use this
6 000 stars and it's a lot of stars
the last commit was within the last
month or around you know so it's not
like it's a dead project
uh scroll down to the readme
so the easy option is honestly to run
shell commands from within python
because then you don't need an access
token because you just uh
you you logged in with your web browser
and that was easy
wait what do you mean like you did that
GH off login thing so now your GH calls
are authenticated
oh so I don't need a I don't need to
yeah you need don't need to do all that
[__] you just run the shell commands
that you want
but in a final notebook I would probably
need to
explain why I don't need an access token
I'm thinking of how I've gotten graded I
guess like I want to see the rubric I
don't know why that would be important
but we can think about that later we
just want to do some data science right
now
yeah yeah no you're right I mean it's
just all about like your notebook being
reproducible yeah yeah oh yeah you just
want to say the oh you have to have GH
installed and logged in yeah as a
dependency otherwise would need like a
an access token
um
okay uh you know right for now
I need like just a big list of imports
so I've been pretty bad about tracking
my imports
I stopped a while back it's a good list
yeah but there's been so so much since
this was like through
I mean I guess this was like
probably half if not a little bit more
than the program
um
who cares I'm just gonna take this
starting point
that's hilarious you might as well just
[__] import every library ever made
foreign
it's so funny that you like haven't
luckily these are all big packages
but you've never uh like oh that it's
dude this is why vs code is so easy
because it's oh at least you have that I
didn't know you have the yeah like I
learned this recently oh [__] I [__]
it multi multi-cursor modes are
see the problem is you got to be so
delicate I'm like afraid to touch my
computer when I got five cursors open
I
missed two
oh [__]
wait didn't you delete
oh oh see what happens
all right there we go we got our big old
thing
the weather of space
oh my god dude hilarious all right we've
got it been a long time okay now uh so
let's just try to get that data that we
did from the shell right
oh right oh yeah you can do that you
know I mean if you want to start with
that that's cool let's do that
file path right now where is it again
it's in your current directory no no
it's not no it's it's in root do move oh
wait type in fish
all right do you move and then space
MV
okay Tilda
all right now do you slash
yeah
a foo dot Json there you go right and
now do Dot and just type Dot
enter
Supply just die this is the current
directory bro
yeah but I'm in aren't I in my root
directory no you're in your GitHub API
thing see that path you're right you're
right I am yeah all right cool so now
you can go back to Jupiter notebook
um okay
uh
Jason yeah without based on
um I haven't read a Json filing in a
minute it may have to look like a okay
cool
nice wait how many do uh make that equal
to a DF so that we can X talk uh talk
about it
um what's the shape of it
that doesn't seem right oh maybe it
limits you to that
maybe it limits you to 30 but that
doesn't seem all right
oh yeah what
I have any idea how like
yeah we gotta find those emojis that's
the only thing I really care about here
yeah that's hilarious but it's all about
the virality man
gotta
we predict which companies we're gonna
fail based on their Emoji like get um
that's that that's actually so funny
dude I would love to do that
um isn't it is it not in this like uh
it's in reactions yeah
yeah
they're already date time objects wait
print out print out URL do like df1 or
did DF dot URL I guess I don't know yeah
I just wanted one I just one of the ones
to click on I just want to go to the
actual URL to see what it looks like all
right do that
yeah or can you can you click on that go
to that yeah
no never mind oh it truncates it dude
that sucks
they [__] all right it does see the
Euro or do one do URL one it'll print
out the whole thing
like no no bro I mean like index the
first element yeah
oh I guess I mean
oh yeah I'm I'm one based
oh the one thing that you should also
learn to hammer is the commit the uh
control e uh the control e and control a
goes to the end and begin it's so useful
what is it no control key in control a
yeah of a line
like go to any line do control a
oh my God
that's nice dude you can do that for any
text box you can pretty much do that for
in chrome chrome URLs and everything
it's very useful and Ctrl D deletes the
character in front of you
it's crazy that like so much stuff about
how to use computers is like hidden
knowledge for wizards only
I know it is like really even like how
to use your [__] like I don't know
how to use half the [__] on my iPhone I
see like a new video with Twitter every
day being like I didn't know that you
could hold the space bar down and I
would let you move your cursor that
didn't come on the box yeah that's crazy
huh
is that what Mike did you move your
cursor dude that's cool
it's sick
I didn't know that wow yeah
all right I don't have to look that up
that's cool all right so this is the the
Json just on the website but uh oh it's
a pull request
but anyways go to the HTML URL see that
HTML URL let's copy that and let's go to
that
because this is the link to the to the
actual uh issue and issues and pull
requests are identified by the same
thing so there's no difference in
github's world that's why there's that's
a pull request
how many like are these all the pull
requests like
wait I'm confused confused
um what is spoon knife
yeah that's a good question isn't it
oh okay
oh okay that yeah I guess that makes
sense
I was really I was expecting something a
lot more exciting though yeah that's a
lame Reaper
um okay so this is this the number of
pull requests but yeah that's the
identifier for the pull request
is this like a continuous thing like
does it do they start at zero yeah it
just goes up by one
so this has had 30 000 pull requests
yeah
but it also includes issues so issues
and pull requests are identified by the
same thing so if you make an issue that
the num the pull request will skip that
you know what I mean
like this feels this seems like a ton of
data to Wrangle though right like dude
no you get good dude data so easily
thirty thousand are you kidding me this
is fine
but like
this is just for one repo well yeah you
would pick the okay fine so you get to
you would get to like uh
uh yeah like 30 million uh issues in
pull requests because the top hundred
you would go to the top hundred repos
but based on Stars
can I even get that much yeah definitely
can I does it take time is there like a
limit on how much the rate limit is
probably very generous dude GitHub
handles so much
constantly that you're literally like a
drop of water in the ocean
like people don't realize how much
traffic is going on all the time like if
you if once we're hooked up to the AI
with neural linkage due to feel the
internet to feel the currents of the
world moving the internet we we
scratched the surface bro it's crazy to
think about how much [__] is going on on
the internet like all day long
it's [__] crazy so yeah you'll be
have no problem making uh
I mean you might have to do a thing
where you like sleep your scraper uh
like one second but to get all of it I
don't think we'll have too much of a
problem
how long do you think it would take
we'll have to see it's always about a
matter of seeing but you can always just
aim high and then mitigate say well we
only did it on five repos uh but we
gotta do it on one to figure out how
long it takes
so we have because we only got 30 of the
issues that's the kind of weird thing
yeah that's what that's that's why I'm a
little concerned like
but um we just need to read the
documentation for the API GitHub API
okay GitHub API
oh yeah hey dude oh I found out this is
nice
foreign
you can search so you could you could
project down and you could say all the
uh
you could search
you could uh
post you could post an issue huh
post an issue comment that's interesting
you could spam and just make like
hundreds of issues
you get banned though
I'm sorry I'm sending a text
I'm asked to chat gbt
all right sorry what's up I have no idea
but all we really need is the Emojis
yeah so we'll we'll just filter uh you
let's start with getting all the data
because I find it's better
to get all the data then filter rather
than just like write the code that
specifically filters first but you're
absolutely right I'm also thinking
for this project I feel like it might
make more sense
eat a
model all the data and have it
try to predict
um
and then we can see what like
for like I'm thinking interpretability
like what business problem are we trying
to answer here you know
as sick as I think it is for
us to be able to predict solely off of
the Emojis whether a repo was shut down
or not
the business value is uh if you're
managing a business the posts that you
put on uh Facebook get reacted to so you
want to know if what does Facebook have
to do with well I'm just saying like
what
what what does Facebook have to do no
just like in general
no it's like Facebook has reacts like
Facebook has different reacts so if a if
you're doing brand management of a
company's social media maybe you want to
take in the the Emoji data
it's kind of a stretch
[Laughter]
oh boy
yeah I mean
but then like why are we trying to
predict like
repo depth
no we wanna we're basically trying to
decide which software projects we should
rely and invest our time in
well I guess I have a couple questions
though
are we do we need to use like time
series stuff to deter like
we would have to
these are all like active
repos or like I guess how are we judging
success like what's our Target that
we're predicting for yeah you're right
we we you're right it's a good question
we need to find some projects that like
died out
yeah like we and that oh God that's
that's the thing is I actually like this
when you get a whole bunch of data and
you start finding a needle in a haystack
I think it's really neat I
don't have all that much time when is it
due
I mean I still have like I'm gonna have
like three weeks to work on it dude
that's a long time yeah I know I know
but like
I don't know yeah yeah I no I I get you
I get you for sure
I felt like a presentation right like a
big old read me and then there's like
all the
like I'm not that good at the actual
modeling like it still takes me time and
I've gotta yo do you want to save and
put oh do you wanna push well actually I
guess I can just uh
I guess I can just do my own thing right
now
I I just want to see if this code that
chat gbt yeah
works
Okay so
repo which repo should we pick
what's a good big repo
something not too big right like I have
no idea like you like one that's on
GitHub right now you're saying well okay
the biggest ones we want to do are
tensorflow and Pi torch that that's like
the biggest business case thing is you
you want to basically figure out uh is
tensorflow improving enough to like
like do you want more issues or less
issues and it's just uh
yeah yeah yeah
like if if nobody is submitting any
issues is the software perfect or is it
that nobody is using it yeah the Dead
so we're basically we want to figure out
if there's any activity and if it's a
lively place where people actually like
the technology
yeah I mean I feel like just if we had a
Target that like
uh yeah it's tough
well see that's the thing is the the
data science is actually answering the
question and not so much training a
model like the whole thing of training a
model is
like uh oh we just assume we really need
a model but really we're just trying to
answer questions
yeah no yeah it's like all it's kind of
all in the in the exploratory data
analysis honestly like the simple
visualizations and like
I don't know yeah I mean that's that's
really what like of business value
because everybody will understand it if
you say oh I use this smote thing half
the people in the room are like okay
either my like
my presentation for this [__] didn't say
anything all I said like for the
customer churn and it's recorded
somewhere I think
um
I I didn't even they didn't even want me
to use the word accuracy like I said how
many of these they got right
um like yeah right interesting I I
mentioned that machine learning was used
and that
it was a classification model
um that was like one line in my entire
thing
yeah makes sense
but I mean I I don't know in certain
situations like uh
making the model itself is
you know helps answer a business
question
I'm doing this in Julia bro I can't do
this
bro
I mean it's the same [__] like once once
it's in uh Julia it's easier for me to
uh foreign
yeah I mean that's fair
there's just so many quirks that I
always forget
dude I've been listening to claro
Clara's [__] sick
arrow is sick
I feel like I saw you on Spotify
listening to claro
repo
dude I've been listening to Spanish pop
music from 2005. yo put me on that
something about my playlist yeah I do
is it public
it should be I don't know I think I've
ever read a playlist private let me send
it to you
should be able just link um Discord
actually
there's a couple more recent ones but
it's mostly from like 2005.
yeah it's public
um
and there's a couple songs from Encanto
as well I
don't think I've seen that movie
but like the uh
yeah I I think it's Disney
it's not Pixar
um
yeah it's an animated movie it's like a
Disney movie
cool good movie though
I love Disney movies man does it Pixar
and Disney movies are just great so
mm-hmm in general okay uh
using Json okay I'm really making this
thing a [__] in Julia package
what are you doing right now I'm uh I'm
querying the GitHub API because uh
you can do that but then you guys show
me how to do it in Python
yeah eventually
apparently there is a package for uh
for uh GitHub on and Julia but
I can share my screen but uh
basically I just want to get a taste of
the data you know what I mean
I don't know I should be in a [__]
[__] black
any luck
with what
I don't know whatever reason I'm doing
yeah I'm uh
well I'm just basically uh
let me share my screen I'll show you
what I'm doing I am stop sharing
I mean Julius it's just like it's just
like programming bro it's not it's like
anyways so I have this script
wait actually this is the wrong thing
I'm closing this
all right so I have uh
it's Julia package this is just how I
set everything up and basically I write
a script and run tests and then once I
like have a script that actually does
something I split that up into functions
I put the functions in the module so
that they can be used by other people
and then all that's left is the part of
the script that's not used by the
functions and that serves the test the
proof that it does what I'm what it's
told so that's just to give you inside
out how I do things
um okay so I made this project called
GitHub API I'm going to add the json3
Json table this is my like data science
well uh work like like basically the
packages that I copy at the top of every
uh thing
so I'm gonna do using this then I'm
going to uh do this which run allows me
to run commands in the shell and so I'm
going to do GitHub uh what was that
thing called
GitHub API
yeah there
okay so we're gonna do repo names is
equal to
tensorflow tensorflow
okay so now we have our packages
uh because tensor we're going to compare
tensorflow and Pi torch to start out
with because those are basically the big
the hyped like they're oh oh I think
okay so these are this is command
issues
and then I think I need to escape this
key
and then we're gonna do pulse which is
equal to this
okay so now I'm gonna run
and then actually what I'm gonna do up
here is I'm gonna say uh data is equal
to join path
this
so after just yeah that's okay all this
is this is saying is re expand to a
string with the absolute path to the
directory of the file containing the
macro call so all I'm saying is where am
I
so so yeah exactly so you see here now I
joined this path with dot dot slash data
so now if I were to a norm path to get
rid of the loops all it is is sending me
to my data directory and that's just
because I want to keep things clean and
I'm going to add the data directory now
okay
so all all I want to do is I just don't
want to
get a bunch of Json [__] in my actual
code I just want to leave that separate
you know
is this Julie you say you're in Julia
right now yeah this is vs code right
yeah
having like the little uh
I guess directory
Tree on the left there it is very nice
wild I mean I think Jupiter notebooks
has something similar called like
Jupiter Labs
um that's better for management I
haven't even played around with that
though
I wonder why this fails
um oh I think I need to do this
no that pipes it okay I I don't really
care for right now I'm just gonna save
it uh and do it manually okay
did it actually do it
um GitHub not found
oh wait repo name is not a thing I'm a
[__] idiot
okay this is not all of them though if
we are to so wait uh
let's just see like all the all the
issues yeah you're saying I don't know
how we get all the oh wait make an
additional make additional HTTP requests
to fetch all of them let's try that
you just keep doing it
I think so I mean that's what that
sounds like so let's try to
and then why you just have to like
put them all into Data frames and
concatenate them is there an easier way
well let's see what's going on
no way it downloads all of them that
would be wild
I wonder how big this is gonna be
wait how did you just uh is are they
loading right now supposedly yeah I mean
this command is still running
you said issues.json what did you do
you see this oh let's see
yeah
what is that I don't know it said but it
says make additional HTTP reverse to
fetch all pages of results
maybe I should do a smaller package
that's something that's less big
let's do a Julia package let's do data
frames.jail
just to test it yeah well I mean look
I'm trying to get cloud in the Julia
community so I gotta you know I Gotta
Serve myself a little bit
oh [__]
it's lagging like in my key all right so
repo and
um let's just do it again
are you setting those repo name
variables up there
oh yeah because I'm a dumbass
thank you
all right
all right let's try that again
this one should take less Long still
pretty big thing but significantly
smaller than so this theoretically is
gonna
in Json pull out all of the commits or
not all of the commits but all of the uh
issues and pull requests all of the and
this is specifically just issues
specifically issues okay I mean that's
fine I think but well no but see the
second command here
if you just change that to poles it also
does pulls so we can keep them separate
which is actually better I think
so I'll try and think of like the
business question
no I mean that you should definitely
um
but I always want to get my hands on
some data and I feel like it'll become
more clear you know
yeah yeah like right now I haven't
actually done anything
oh wait hey it finished
okay let me try to form I would say let
me try to format this thing
bro this guy met this guy bogamill
yesterday dude uh he's he's polishing
he's just like the god of data frame
like he's just built data frames
it's crazy
like okay wait let me let me show you an
example so we go to insights here
your contributors
okay it's it's good it's crunching
through all the numbers
crunching the latest data
on people who have committed essentially
okay this guy bogamel I met him
yesterday he has about 600 commits this
guy has 300 commits but look at look at
the pal look the the power changed hands
this guy started development and then
this guy came in to save the day and
keep it maintained
wow you can tell that from this these
graphs this guy does not commit anymore
that's pretty crazy
neither does this get power distribution
is this something that like
data science like branches or like is
this information that people use for
like performance like evaluations and
stuff like yeah definitely big company I
look at there there I am let's go
let's go this guy this is one of the
creators to Julia so I'm right next to
him
there you go
okay
um
yeah I mean I don't think Julia does
because we're small but I I imagine that
there'd be something like that
right and just like in in general it's
not a thing that's been done
yeah probably could you could you Google
it would you mind
about that like yeah that's just you
well I actually BT Maybe
yeah Chad PPT
yeah
okay so for some reason that seemed like
it only gave me a hundred
and it should be getting way more right
yeah
hmm
even with paginate
flag
like uh I only got a hundred issues
Chad gbg's this session dies so quickly
it does yeah
also I've struggled to get it to print
out more than like 600 words
and because this is the trial version or
something
yeah soon we're gonna have to pay for
this [__]
yeah
because it'll like it clearly has more
to say but out for like 600 650 words or
so it'll just stop mid-sentence
yeah you have to you have to tell it to
continue you say continue from this
point and it'll keep going
you can do that yeah
oh my God
just in like a new
yeah in the next one
I guess yeah and the next one you just
say remember what you're saying keep
going
interesting
dude I swear this [__] is like first
contact with aliens like we don't even
know how to work with this it's crazy
there's that gbt I mean yeah
um
oh okay I see we we need a
yeah so just like everything what we
need to do is we need to generate a
series of queries and calls that we can
do to paginate but see how that you URL
oh wait
oh wait hold on
it has a page query parameter we need to
um
yeah we need to just do this
okay
will that work oh yeah that's an append
all right
oh
uh let's actually put this in a
uh
there's no
whatever
so this thing I think was a total lie
but Paige I guess might be right
and then I need a
truly a data
okay let's try it
worth a shot
oh wait this is not what the
instructions told you did you what
well I just didn't want to read the
whole instructions it seemed like a lot
yeah but this was in there
um I don't know
you're saying
didn't you just copy paste something
from the instructions no I copy the
paste from chat gbt
oh
um
well actually okay
Chad GPT can spit out code
but yeah I did so well
what you haven't seen that dude I that's
nutty yeah bro you just
are you look at this
that's why I thought you were reading
from like some sort of documentation
no man I had this thing right the uh so
I was remember I was doing that uh G
live thing
I had it write the subtitle file format
parser for me
what
so could I like type into
like to what extent Can it can it
actually code
like
if I were to say like build me a machine
learning model or like a I don't know
like a decision tree model
using data at this link could it do that
uh yeah but it can't actually visit that
link
but it can generate the code that lets
you
okay my thing crashed
uh what I think I'm gonna do is I think
I I just like had the Insight that this
is probably gonna work
I'm gonna do issues slash uh okay uh
how do I
anyway let's just try
this command
oh [__]
let's see
okay
now I'm gonna start Julia
I just want to read this thing
okay so we can find out how many re how
many things are open based on number so
we want number so okay so we want the
last
so we want to do Json
here how many water up because basically
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
make because it's limiting me to
a hundred wait hold on let me see GitHub
API rate limits
rate thousand per hour
uh
uh you can check the status of your rate
limit at any time
for searching items to separately limit
governing the rest of the APA okay fine
search is different that's okay
all right
okay
um
can I do with the get it oh my God I can
do it with the GitHub API dude that's so
[__] hype
[__]
dude the GH command is so rad
oh wow
oh
give me a minute I gotta go feed my cat
nice
foreign
that's why other people actually use
experimental toolkit
yeah
Paul's got to do that Paul's the
maintainer
take care of me
[Music]
getting close to me
foreign
[Music]
oh
my God
[Music]
thank you
babies
[Music]
laughs
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
what's up
I do oh yo I brought my guitar with me
finally I have a guitar in Boston
that sick I need one yeah I need my new
guitar no dude
wait
maybe I did
uh you weren't yeah you were obviously
in town for the wedding yeah yeah
was it the one you were playing at the
show
yeah I think so the pink one like the
acoustic wait just show it to me
is it like
[Music]
yeah that's good
dude that's hype that's a great net wait
what's that icon on it like what's on
the
that's cool we win I guess
well I think it's I think the model is I
think it is called like the penguin or
something
I don't even remember
have you been making any music
no not at all yeah I mean that's fair
dude like you're about to change your
whole like
like career basically
yeah I wish I was I wish I had time
really yeah
[Music]
foreign
so it seems like we get 5 000 queries
uh
[Music]
let's see
no no no
no no
[Music]
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no
no no
damn it I'm so out of practice I've only
had this for like a couple weeks I want
to like find like I used to be like
obsessive and like practice like
just like just like do that as fast as I
can for hours
don't do this how people say you kind of
should do it I I wish I practiced more
scales I kind of figured out how to like
do stuff in the major scale and the
minor scale
and like a little bit of blue stuff yeah
I found the Blue Notes yeah yeah yeah
the half step
yeah yeah what is it yeah
uh
[Music]
a bad note I'm trying to I can't see I'm
trying to [__] get rid of the noise
suppression oh wait okay I have noise
okay Echo cancellation I should probably
have on but it seems like uh it's trying
to cut it seems like it's trying to
filter out your guitar because like
it'll go silent
like I can't hear it even
[Music]
yeah anyways uh all right I I'm probably
gonna go to bed I think I'm gonna watch
watch some YouTube videos and go to bed
uh
last uh
so can you remind me I'll be API calling
one like what's the takeaway from that I
think I just need to so
um when you look at a URL right there's
paths I mean there's there's a whole
bunch in there there's like the HTTP
part in this anyway but there's a path
and then there's like that stuff after
the question mark have you ever seen
that in a URL with a question mark and a
whole bunch of values those are called
query parameters and those allow you to
specify uh basically the arguments to a
query
uh and so I think I just need to look up
what those are so that we can paginate
um
we can get the right pages
and then you know iterate over that and
just like download all of them
okay but we have 5 000 queries so we'll
if we get a hundred each then we can do
000 issues at best
that should be good how long do you
think all that would take that's for an
hour
I don't know it remains to be seen
but I I think uh it should be pretty
quick if you I think it should be pretty
like not like days
not days that's really yeah what I was
looking for okay
word sick I'm going to uh I don't know
are you are you free tomorrow at all I
think so
word or or Sunday I just will probably
be studying for my exam on Sunday
all I have to do tomorrow is pick up
this cat for my co-worker but uh
right yeah
um yeah I know at some point I'm gonna
my cousin wanted to help me with my
Capstone as well or to see if he had any
ideas
um
me talking to him tomorrow as well but
I'll see if he's any any ideas about
this yeah
I feel like this is a cool one because
it's a kind of alternative but it's like
yeah it's a little meta it's pretty meta
yeah it's really meta exactly
I'm into it
it's like and I ran it on my code and my
code is [__]
all right cool yeah I'll talk to you
tomorrow yeah I'm gonna I'm crashing
pretty hard all right see ya yeah peace
what a great guy
love them to death